Stock levels are established to maintain
constant availability of expendable items.
It is very important to avoid overstocking and understocking
in both the primary and secondary inventories.
Levels for on-demand or just-in-case items must be kept
at a minimum to avoid overstocking,
and separate requirements are established
for managing and monitoring these items.
It takes a lot of work to find
the balance to stock in storage areas.
As a result, it is important to keep open lines
of communication with your customer.
If items need to be removed or there is an increase
in usage, you customer will be the best source
for this kind of information.
For more information, refer to VHA directive 1761,
parentheses one, item number two.